I want this silver again.
Give it to me
If you dare to touch me with this silver
I will cut off the golden gate
Xiaoming, don't do anything stupid.
Look what this is
Ah Fei
Is this the underwear I told you about two days ago?
Did you forget
Did I help you cure the pain of the crescent tooth?
Then why did you tie me up?
You don't know how to dress
This is the first time I can have me
Nice
Come to this string
Ah Fei quickly called the imperial doctor to come quickly
Your Highness, the imperial doctor said that Concubine Xiang wanted to pass on the palace to you
Lose a lot of vitality
I'm afraid I'm going to be seriously ill.
It may take more than a year to recover
It's not in court yet
Go find me the best fetal doctor
I asked Tip to recover as soon as possible. Yes.
How dare you come to prison
March to lead and bring
Kill them all
Empress Xiaoping
Empress Xiaoping, wake up
Don't download Tianlaoyu Xi
under siege
Where is the world
Where is the underground?